Why does he feel so familiar?
Toothpaste has a beautiful sister, she goes to bed, she shows me.
They are more beautiful than the female stars.
"Get out, lady, there's an interesting game."
Yes, you said you absolutely wouldn't like a woman older than you.
So here I am.
Hello sister.
Hi.
Something's wrong.
I don't add strangers' WeChat.
Dear, look at you. Do you think I need to take the initiative to apply for another WeChat?
Say what you want.
I want to talk to you.
Tonight at 7: 30.
New Year's Day codes of your newly developed game will be stolen.
I wonder if you chose to stay for Miss Shen s birthday?
Or choose a game that you've worked hard on?
Who are you?
It's 7: 10.
I've got 20 minutes.
Enron, are you leaving?
This is the Library.
This woman is
Happy birthday to Dai Ming tonight.
Well, of course, tonight's gonna be a tough five.
Surely Miss Shen won't be angry?